can you move any slower than this fellas
hi you must be our new neighbor I'm
Nicolas how zuransky call me us Jimmy
Jimmy Jones have we met before
no I remember I got a thing with faces
all right yes do you look like you got
some gas
that's Jimmy the two of to Destin Jimmy
the tulip was a hit man sexy selfie the
man's killed 17 people let's go for a
drive a drive look Jimmy I certainly
don't want to die better get used to it
is she going to what everybody dies
sooner or later jimmy tudeski 'he's new
friends are hitting on him I'm one of
your biggest fans I've been following
your career since I was a kid she has
definite potential right I've been
wanting to meet you for years but one of
them is hitting a little too close to
home
vodka into him this is Cynthia amazed by
us we're friends friends do not engage
the sexual congress with each other's
wives he vomited recently a minute ago I
was just gonna brush my teeth always
okay you were right about him this is
one exceedingly sweet man
I can't think of nothing finer than a
fine naked woman holding a gun Bruce
Willis it's not important how many
people I've killed
what's important is how I get along the
people they're still alive Matthew Perry
here's a little up sex I've managed to
upset a mass murderer that's gonna crown
for you what did you any good no time to
rock around in their world apparently
plus being yourself nobody moves could
get you killed
nine yards
you